---
layout: post
title: "Opening Day of Turkey Season 2025"
date: 2025-04-01
categories: turkey_hunts
excerpt: ""
---

Opening day of turkey season at Tuskegee National Forest. I got to the northern portion of TNF and found a guy at his truck in the spot I was going to hunt. I stopped and talked to him, and he said there was another guy up the road. I didn’t know that the road was blocked because a bridge was out further down. I told him I would look for a spot on down the road. The other guy wasn’t at his vehicle, and I had to turn around and go back past the first guy to get out of there. I stopped and asked him if he knew of any other places to go as I had no other backup plan. He said there was a spot at the northern edge of the National Forest that he’s heard turkeys at and that I should try there. I agreed and headed that way. I passed another truck that had just pulled up not far from the first guy. As I approached the spot at the edge of the National Forest there was a younger guy getting ready to hunt. I stopped and told him I’d go a mile or two down the road so I wouldn’t interfere with his hunt. I stopped at a good-looking spot with a nice big turn around and got ready. The morning was crisp and cool, just what you’d want for turkey hunting but no luck. I didn’t hear anything at that spot, so I did a 2-mile loop calling occasionally to try to illicit a response to no avail. I circled around and talked to Kim and the boys on the phone, got changed and headed to work.
